British English Academy.
A1 listening activity.
Course: A1 Starter English.
Module 1: Personal Information and Classroom English.
Lesson 1: Personal Information and Classroom English: Grammar Lesson 1.
Listen slowly. Repeat each short sentence.
Listen for the target grammar. Notice the form, the meaning, and the example.
Learning objective: Learners can name, identify, ask and answer basic questions in a grammar task about personal information.
Today you will practise language connected to personal information.
Target language: be: am/is/are.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise grammar for personal information and classroom english. You will learn useful language connected to personal information and practise be: am/is/are. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A1 level.